Add a script generating files for OperatorHub.io (#302)
kubernetes-sigs/kernel-module-management: CONTRIBUTING.md

Within a `Describe`, use one `It` section per test case.
If several `It` sections are similar, consider refactoring them in a `DescribeTable` construct with varying inputs.

### Generating bundles for OperatorHub.io

> Use `hack/release-operator-hub` to generate bundles to be imported in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `hack/release-operatorhub` to generate bundles to be imported in
```

`operator-hub` can have different meanings and is not very clear.

Reviewer: How about running the script directly in the Makefile in the `bundle` target instead of documenting it?

Author: We could make a Makefile target, but what would be the benefit? You still to provide all the variables needed.

- [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide) - Main contributor documentation, or you can just jump directly to the [contributing section](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide#contributing)
- [Contributor Cheat Sheet](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide/contributor-cheatsheet) - Common resources for existing developers

## Managing releases

### OperatorHub.io

After a new version is released, it must be added manually to the
[k8s-operatorhub/community-operators](https://github.com/k8s-operatorhub/community-operators) repo to be available on
OperatorHub.io.

First, generate all manifests:

```shell

> make operator-hub-release IMAGE_TAG=<RELEASE_TAG> VERSION=<VERSION_NUMBER>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make operatorhub-release IMAGE_TAG=<RELEASE_TAG> VERSION=<VERSION_NUMBER>
```

Using `operator-hub` is confusing with the `kernel-module-management-operator-hub` terminology IMO.

```

This will create two directories, `kmm-operatorhub-<VERSION>` and `kmm-hub-operatorhub-<VERSION>`.

Then, use the contents of those directories to create new versions in
[k8s-operatorhub/community-operators](https://github.com/k8s-operatorhub/community-operators).

> Only one operator should be affected per pull request; create separate PRs if you want to update both KMM bundles.

Reviewer: Why is that? Why can't we make a change to both KMM and KMM-hub in a single PR?
Adding a new feature to hub&spoke will probably modify both KMM and KMM-hub.

Author: The checklist when creating a new PR mentions this limitation.

Reviewer: You mean PRs to https://github.com/k8s-operatorhub/community-operators?

Author: The checklist is the default PR template. See https://github.com/k8s-operatorhub/community-operators/pull/2858 for an example
